I think that when most
think of Puerto Rico,
they think of sun, beach,
mofongo, good food,
and just a beautiful, loving,
and joyful people.
But they don’t realize
there’s a lot of spiritual activity
that’s been taking place
on this island for decades.
And our goal is to make sure
everybody on the island
knows about this beautiful work
taking place.
Jesus said that we would be
“one flock, one shepherd.”
And sometimes
if you live on an island
in the middle of the ocean,
you may feel a little bit isolated.
But when the whole world
comes to town and you get to experience it
on your own soil,
it is just a tremendous experience.
And that’s what we’ve seen
here in Puerto Rico.
The brothers have just been
so excited about the program.
You can see Jehovah has really blessed
the brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico.
Having delegates coming
from the different countries
—from Cuba, Brazil,
Guyana, the United States—
it’s drawn them together in love.
It’s just been like a big hug
for the whole branch territory.
Welcome, brothers.
We hope you will enjoy this spiritual food.
We love you very much!
Well, we heard about the convention here,
and so we applied immediately
because we had been here 50 years before
—to the first international convention here.
Brother Knorr encouraged
us to go into Spanish,
so we did
—50 years ago.
We wanted to come back.
Well, I think of the work
the brothers and sisters
have put into preparing
for this convention.
We think of the negotiations
that were taking place
over a year ago
and then the preparation for the delegates
and all the work with the audio and video.
It really shows what these brothers
have done and all the crews
and their families
in making this happen.
And that just—
That’s all out of love.
The brothers have gone above and beyond.
Nothing has stood in their way.
Well, as soon as I came through the door
from the baggage claim area,
there was a huge group
of brothers and sisters
and everyone applauding.
It just made us feel like one big family.
Besides the overwhelming heat
was the overwhelming love.
I feel like it’s been
a lesson in hospitality,
you know, because the friends
have been just so welcoming.
And I feel like it’s just made
an imprint on my heart.
Well, I think the Puerto Rican
and really the Caribbean spirit
has a lot of enthusiasm, a lot of hugging,
a lot of kissing, a lot of love.
When there are two Puerto Ricans together,
they sound like ten.
I already cried so much.
You have made me cry again.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
When I’m on stage signing,
I see brothers crying and I realize
that I’m doing this
for Jehovah and the brothers.
The highlight for me
is always going out in the ministry
in the countries that we visit.
That’s a memory that I’ll take home with me
because when we unite together
in doing our preaching work,
that’s like the best form
of unity that we can have.
We knocked on the door,
and there came a lady,
and we invited her to the convention.
And she said,
“Oh, I think I can make it on Friday.”
I came because of an invitation
that I received, which is this one.
Actually, she called me
this morning at 6:30 a.m.
I was not going to answer the phone,
but I did.
And it was her.
She was telling me that she was coming.
I liked the theme
of the resurrection very much because,
well, it’s been two years
since I lost my father
and I haven’t been able
to get over that.
It helped me think more about God,
and it gives me comfort
to know that my dad is OK.
This convention is so beautiful.
It moves you to the core.
You know, at this convention
we learned about loyalty,
and we learned that loyalty
is really an aspect of love.
And so we had
an opportunity to show our love
for our brothers
and our love for Jehovah.
And it helped us to understand
loyalty in just a whole different way.
And I think that when the brothers go home,
that picture of their desire
to be loyal to Jehovah
and to be loyal to our brotherhood
is going to be fixed in their mind.
It’s going to be something unforgettable.